hmm do we need an alternate host are you
busy no no I I'm not back sorry my he's
pressing decided to I feel yeah okay we
can start up I'm just trying to
hypnotize for the first enemy okay
welcome to the core of limitations
meeting March 3rd 2020 first up is
upcoming and shift releases so as this
typing here practically the godfest
0.5 1 0 release is on white we're
missing a couple of components so we're
like the primary concerns right now are
the PS door and and then potential
dependencies on noise I we may or may
not ship noise with this release and if
that doesn't happen it's something of
the world but we do have a lot of tht
work booked on Pierce or factors so we
may have to find some way to work around
that uh that is the only update I have
they're testing
infra do we have anyone on that team
here
we have sort of a daveed ODOT to launch
today I think that's that's all I know I
got I think there's changelog notes that
all get a link to yeah we may also just
want to remove this from the Corp
additional accommodations here there's
like people in that group really come
because meeting um but I guess if anyone
here has any updates around like I think
they've seen I can do is really just
like links to the release it was really
like the word from Raoul Anton Corey and
Rob so yeah just take it out got three
Lee's like 30 minutes ago fresh out of
the oven or warmer or Yavin okay content
routing I know I mean this zero but I
guess Jacob get the update yes
so there is two weeks left until we are
doing the RC so
scramble time yeah so as Steven
mentioned we have an issue with signed
pure records where we need to make sure
that we're not just ignoring all of the
records for addresses that aren't signed
because then we wouldn't be able to dial
with like a ipfs warm connecting given
an address that wouldn't work so that's
bad so we're gonna be working on getting
support for that fixed and then the rest
of the work is pretty much on track we
didn't have an issue that we need to
take care of making sure that we support
private dhts
but that shouldn't be too much effort so
we should be able to land that in that
two-week period so biggest biggest
concern item right now as Steven
mentioned is the sign peer records so
we'll work on making sure everything's
okay with that
little it is no you're sure
sorry something it weighs its me again
yeah this week I did not manage to land
the PR but I managed to fix proxy
tunneling which is a mode of vegetative
proxy that starts we connect it's
similar to HTTP connect a lot of people
use that mode for avoiding like
firewalls corporate firewalls and
basically a lot of people don't really
know which mode is used so it was kinda
important but not really to support that
mode in case someone is using it for our
subdomain feature so I found a way to
make it work with less code so I removed
some code instead of adding it but
overall it's good I think suddenly I had
to put up some fires did not manage to
London s link tests but I've seen
Stephen you've wrote some note so my
plan for this week is to address those
nodes LAN DNS link tests and hopefully
get the PR to the point when it's ready
for like with you that's it for me
bits of updates yeah so we're also
heading towards 0.5 it looks like we're
pretty much on track with the content
routing changes that are happening so
this last week I I made a couple of
fixes and optimizations and thank you to
everyone who helped review javascript
bits work
still a little bit more to do there but
it's close to being merged awesome I
stream content routing based yeah sorry
got it based cooking research
improvements yes
so after my conversation last week with
Hulk's got even more stuff into the into
the UX so to speak of the command line
got almost the stacked chunker interface
working there are still some corner
cases that I need to figure out how to
how to deal with need to land the three
codec linker which they like it's almost
almost there to commercial ipfs I just
need to do another pass on it and also
to get car output actually working so
that we can get others like them for
example to be able to quickly inject
stuff into an existing BFS data
store and there is some lack of clarity
when the greatest set of this will land
maybe I'll take that one I'm not sure
yet so like really super close yeah
looking really looking looking forward
to get this done this week Stardust
transport discovery video yeah so I've
been working on hardest well this
basically aims to improve browser
connectivity for Jessop FS this is
particularly important because after the
super factor we are duplicating
WebSockets star so basically this was
the previous people concept from machi
and I've been basically rewritten all
the implementation using a sink as well
as with the new connection transport and
discovery interfaces the current points
basically I made the PR and the check
I've already made a first review which I
already addressed so hopefully this week
we'll be able to get merged or at least
nearby it
and that's it okay
any updates to other initiatives if you
want to go okay I let's say design group
proposals you think you wanna discuss
blockers asks are you wondering so good
climbing things related to like I guess
the ordering of like pierced or things
finished and then there's a whole bunch
of like the the pierced or finishing is
then gonna cause a whole bunch like
upgrades in the DHT to like take that
all into account we don't know I so like
what I'm gonna try to figure out today
is like when that's when Eva she or how
to work around it finishing I believe
like the main dependency we actually
have is like okay it's like that would
require protocol changes in the DHD
itself it would also require like the
other thing we're currently using it for
events they're basically not wired up
yet so the alternative is say okay we're
not going to have some people write
about codes in this release instead
there's willing to like even when these
are in some other way and then we'll
plug that that's currently what I'm
thinking of doing because like his work
getting down to the wire here like seems
to company be changed it right down the
wire which would mean we'd end up having
a protocol version bump but it's not
going to be a big issue because like
well basically have two three protocol
versions have the old DHT I'll have like
then you will have the new DHT which has
no protocol changes but it's like faster
and then we'll have the new new DHT it
is like has no like query launcher
changes but has the solution protocol
but I don't foresee any issues there so
like if they can't sitting pumped in and
sitting punted it's not the best role
but it's not the world's worst so yeah
once I talk to rule about this later on
today probably
we'll be meeting yeah that make sense
also getting in the habit of being like
it is okay we have built the system to
allow for upgrades and protocol
purchases like I think a good direction
yep any other blockers asks ok sorry
sorry I was going to ask what's our
story on the car importer you're still
no measuring I set up well giving you
volunteer to take a look at it and given
it I'm not looking at my day and it's
kind of full would you like to take a
look at it yes I basically we need to
few minutes we need I confess
dag export I profess Dyke import then
you do the opposite of each other
there's already a library go car which
should you ever think we need for us so
basically they just like Dagon port
needs to take a car read it in or
ideally a number of cars passed the
command line and read them in bag export
needs to take a like a single CID
out for now we don't need selectors in
the future we need to make sure we can
upgrade to selectors so what I recommend
is like if it's using a CID but we have
like a pass as like / IP FS / CI D
string selectors like that alright yeah
I'm not very familiar with the CLI
portion Alethea so it might take more
than today but yeah I'll definitely I'm
into it thank you
it's it's not like it's the CLI
fortunately if you don't get into the
CLI back-end stuff that stuff is
complicated in audacity but if you get
into the seal light like actually using
it it's actually really like it's a very
straightforward tool for just like
building Japan's and so yeah it's like
usually we bombard people and like you
look community want to help out the
fastest way to get them help I say
listen we've stopped doing the pigs a
few minutes a last question do we have
actual car files that are not academic
but actual store that is working or
that's question for Michael ideas
suddenly a second test case okay yeah
Michael
hi Michael any other blockers asks
questions I just noticed that the JSI
BFS Sarah 42 issue had been opened early
too earlier today and I wondered if Alex
would like to tell people what's going
to be in it and when it might be
dropping yes I would love to do that so
why I want to get into this next release
is the improvements to pinning which
you're gonna make it's gonna make an
idea of us had like way faster
currently we store all the pins in a dag
minute plane and I get it's quite slow
over time so the idea is to store them
in the data store instead of in the day
and it's like yes 'no tube faster which
is really cool it seems to scale much
better to like you know tens of
thousands of pin so that's why i want to
be the focus of the next one together
over the line the PRI needs updating and
the migration scripts for the repo will
need writings exciting when take
ownership die when it's ready a couple
of weeks maybe i'll be fun any question
do we have already notifications of like
hi I know it looks these two repos like
you could reuse the same repo and run a
J s note in the dono didn't work like
please don't do that
as far as I know the first breaking the
first change that will make it so that
then we foes don't interact with each
other which is fine we want to go down
that route anyway I just want to make
sure there's enough flags I was telling
if they the version number is different
and it's not supported by the current
version
okay so first you're running it will
still make a fuss when you try and start
off I think the same feature even go as
well although this is tricky because
like yeah I don't know how to do this
first number a sheiks like we are
diverse number and go for a change that
I don't think just necessarily have and
well looking at what had anyway so it's
like maybe this ya know but we still
have a shift like we still have shared
data stores it work across both like
level DB and flat FS working both oh
yeah okay I don't know I think that's to
me TV description for this meeting there
might be yeah more like what are the
capabilities required to access this
repo rather than just taking just a
version number maybe this is a design
review meeting oh good don't know if
it's ready for it as well I don't know
3% review because like oh sorry the
pinning is never ready for as everything
you want to design view on that the
whole general like cross compatibility
discussion thing like that's a
discussion which I guess maybe we should
have a meeting on but like that's like a
very open-ended things it's not really
design every reason like we have a
single the answer was the answer but
actually yeah do you feel like the the
unpinning stuff is ready for an
interview so there are some still some
outstanding comments on my issue which I
want to resolve for my when I update the
PR so will be ready shortly after that
sounds good maybe next week okay any
other questions parking lots cars bikes
new sheds ok bike no bikes are fine just
no bike sheds well if you have a bike
shed it must have painted grey boring
gray okay
today's fine as long as it's a play okay
thank y'all have a nice week bye
you